"A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you don't need it." -- Bob Hope
"A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere." -- Groucho Marx
"A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory." -- Steven Wright
"A committee is a group that keeps minutes and loses hours." -- Milton Berle
"A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing." -- Emo Philips
"A day without laughter is a day wasted." -- Charlie Chaplin
"A day without sunshine is like, you know, night." -- Steve Martin
"A failure is like fertilizer; it stinks to be sure, but it makes things grow faster in the future." -- Denis Waitley
"A great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do." -- Walter Bagehot
"A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers." -- H. L. Mencken
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." -- Winston Churchill
"A man doesn't know what he knows until he knows what he doesn't know." -- Laurence J. Peter
"A pessimist is a person who has had to listen to too many optimists." -- Don Marquis
"A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money." -- W. C. Fields
"A stockbroker urged me to buy a stock that would triple its value every year. I told him, 'At my age, I don't even buy green bananas.'" -- Claude Pepper
"A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on." -- Samuel Goldwyn
"Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter." -- Mark Twain
"Age is just a number. It's totally irrelevant unless, of course, you happen to be a bottle of wine." -- Joan Collins
"All men are equal before fish." -- Herbert Hoover
"All my life I've wanted, just once, to say something clever without losing my train of thought." -- Robert Breault
"All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height." -- Casey Stengel
"All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal or fattening." -- Alexander Woollcott
"Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back." -- Oscar Wilde
"Always forgive your enemies -- nothing annoys them so much." -- Oscar Wilde
"Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours." -- Yogi Berra
"Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else." -- Margaret Mead
"Americans are incredibly inpatient. Someone once said that the shortest period of time in America is the time between when the light turns green and when you hear the first horn honk." -- Jim Rohn
"Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it." -- E. B. White
"As a child my family's menu consisted of two choices: take it or leave it." -- Buddy Hackett
"As long as people will accept crap, it will be financially profitable to dispense it." -- Dick Cavett
"As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can't remember the other two." -- Norman Wisdom
"Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no lies." -- Oliver Goldsmith
"Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint." -- Mark Twain
"Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind." -- Bernard Baruch
"Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that who cares?... He's a mile away and you've got his shoes!" -- Billy Connolly
"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak out and remove all doubt." -- Abraham Lincoln
"But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright Brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown." -- Carl Sagan
"By the time a man realizes that his father was right, he has a son who thinks he's wrong." -- Charles Wadsworth
"By working faithfully eight hours a day you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve hours a day." -- Robert Frost
"Children today are tyrants. They contradict their parents, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers." -- Socrates
"Cleaning up with children around is like shoveling during a blizzard." -- Margaret Culkin Banning
"Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society." -- Mark Twain
"Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing." -- William James
"Crocodiles are easy. They try to kill and eat you. People are harder. Sometimes they pretend to be your friend first." -- Steve Irwin
"Do not make the mistake of treating your dogs like humans or they will treat you like dogs." -- Martha Scott
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." -- Elbert Hubbard
"Doctors are just the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too." -- Anton Chekhov
"Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened." -- Dr. Seuss
"Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia." -- Charles M. Schulz
"Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know." -- Daniel J. Boorstin
"Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do." -- Voltaire
"Everybody laughs the same in every language because laughter is a universal connection." -- Yakov Smirnoff
"Everyone has a purpose in life. Perhaps yours is watching television." -- David Letterman
"Facebook just sounds like a drag, in my day seeing pictures of peoples vacations was considered a punishment." -- Betty White
"Flattery is like cologne water, to be smelt, not swallowed." -- Josh Billings
"Folks, I don't trust children. They're here to replace us." -- Stephen Colbert
"Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names." -- John F. Kennedy
"Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example." -- Francois de La Rochefoucauld
"Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art." -- F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save." -- Will Rogers
"Happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly attributed by the living to the dead, now usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults." -- Thomas Szasz
"Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city." -- George Burns
"Haters are just confused admirers because they can't figure out the reason why everyone loves you." -- Jeffree Star
"Have no fear of perfection. You'll never reach it." -- Salvador Dali
"Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?" -- George Carlin
"He who laughs last didn't get the joke." -- Charles de Gaulle
"Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing." -- Redd Foxx
"Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like 'Psychic Wins Lottery'?" -- Jay Leno
"How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand." -- Emo Philips
"Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so." -- Douglas Adams
"I always arrive late at the office, but I make up for it by leaving early." -- Charles Lamb
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific." -- Lily Tomlin
"I am an old man and have known a great many troubles, but most of them never happened." -- Mark Twain
"I am only human, although I regret it." -- Mark Twain
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying." -- Oscar Wilde
"I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness." -- Emo Philips
"I can resist everything except temptation." -- Oscar Wilde
"I can stand brute force, but brute reason is quite unbearable. There is something unfair about its use. It is hitting below the intellect." -- Oscar Wilde
"I can't understand why a person will take a year to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars." -- Fred Allen
"I don't believe in astrology; I'm a Sagittarius and we're skeptical." -- Arthur C. Clarke
"I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead." -- Samuel Goldwyn
"I don't want any yes-men around me. I want everybody to tell me the truth even if it costs them their job." -- Samuel Goldwyn
"I don't want to achieve immortality through my work. I want to achieve it through not dying." -- Woody Allen
"I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle." -- Mitch Hedberg
"I dream of a better tomorrow, where chickens can cross the road and not be questioned about their motives." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I found there was only one way to look thin: hang out with fat people." -- Rodney Dangerfield
"I have learned from my mistakes, and I am sure I can repeat them exactly." -- Peter Cook
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -- Thomas A. Edison
"I have tried to know absolutely nothing about a great many things, and I have succeeded fairly well." -- Robert Benchley
"I intend to live forever. So far, so good." -- Steven Wright
"I know that there are people who do not love their fellow man, and I hate people like that!" -- Tom Lehrer
"I prefer someone who burns the flag and then wraps themselves up in the Constitution over someone who burns the Constitution and then wraps themselves up in the flag." -- Molly Ivins
"I refuse to answer that question on the grounds that I don't know the answer." -- Douglas Adams
"I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member." -- Groucho Marx
"I used to jog but the ice cubes kept falling out of my glass." -- David Lee Roth
"I want my children to have all the things I couldn't afford. Then I want to move in with them." -- Phyllis Diller
"I was born to make mistakes, not to fake perfection." -- Drake
"I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me -- they're cramming for their final exam." -- George Carlin
"I wish I were dumber so I could be more certain about my opinions. It looks fun." -- Scott Adams
"I would have written a shorter letter, but I did not have the time." -- Mark Twain
"If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?" -- Abraham Lincoln
"If any of you cry at my funeral I'll never speak to you again." -- Stan Laurel
"If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead." -- Johnny Carson
"If there is anything the nonconformist hates worse than a conformist, it's another nonconformist who doesn't conform to the prevailing standard of nonconformity." -- Bill Vaughan
"If you come to a fork in the road, take it." -- Yogi Berra
"If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month." -- Theodore Roosevelt
"If you find it hard to laugh at yourself, I would be happy to do it for you." -- Groucho Marx
"If you have a secret, people will sit a little bit closer." -- Rob Corddry
"If you live to be one hundred, you've got it made. Very few people die past that age." -- George Burns
"If you lived with a roommate as unstable as this economic system, you would've moved out or demanded that your roommate get professional help." -- Richard D. Wolff
"If you must make a noise, make it quietly." -- Oliver Hardy
"If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments." -- Earl Wilson
"If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito." -- Dalai Lama
"If you try to fail, and succeed, which have you done?" -- George Carlin
"If you want your children to listen, try talking softly to someone else." -- Ann Landers
"If you're going through hell, keep going." -- Winston Churchill
"If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late." -- Henny Youngman
"If you're going to tell people the truth, be funny or they'll kill you." -- Billy Wilder
"If you're too open-minded; your brains will fall out." -- Lawrence Ferlinghetti
"In the past 10,000 years, humans have devised roughly 100,000 religions based on roughly 2,500 gods. So the only difference between myself and the believers is that I am skeptical of 2,500 gods whereas they are skeptical of 2,499 gods. We're only one God away from total agreement." -- Michael Shermer
"Inflation is when you pay fifteen dollars for the ten-dollar haircut you used to get for five dollars when you had hair." -- Sam Ewing
"It does not matter whether you win or lose, what matters is whether I win or lose!" -- Steven Weinberg
"It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate." -- Dave Barry
"It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance." -- Thomas Sowell
"It would be nice to spend billions on schools and roads, but right now that money is desperately needed for political ads." -- Andy Borowitz
"It's a recession when your neighbor loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours." -- Harry S. Truman
"It's always darkest before the dawn. So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it." -- Navjot Singh Sidhu
"It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper." -- Jerry Seinfeld
"It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up." -- Muhammad Ali
"It's only when you look at an ant through a magnifying glass on a sunny day that you realize how often they burst into flames." -- Harry Hill
"It's true hard work never killed anybody, but I figure, why take the chance?" -- Ronald Reagan
"I'd rather have 1% of the effort of 100 men than 100% of my own effort." -- J. Paul Getty
"I'm in shape. Round is a shape." -- George Carlin
"I'm not for everyone. I'm barely for me." -- Marc Maron
"I'm sorry, if you were right, I'd agree with you." -- Robin Williams
"I've always wanted to go to Switzerland to see what the army does with those wee red knives." -- Billy Connolly
"I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock." -- Henny Youngman
"Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit; wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad." -- Miles Kington
"Laugh a lot. It burns a lot of calories." -- Jessica Simpson
"Laughing at our mistakes can lengthen our own life. Laughing at someone else's can shorten it." -- Cullen Hightower
"Lead me not into temptation; I can find the way myself." -- Rita Mae Brown
"Leave something for someone but dont leave someone for something." -- Enid Blyton
"Life begins at 40 -- but so do fallen arches, rheumatism, faulty eyesight, and the tendency to tell a story to the same person, three or four times." -- Helen Rowland
"Life is hard. After all, it kills you." -- Katharine Hepburn
"Life is hard; it's harder if you're stupid." -- John Wayne
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it." -- John Hughes
"Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak." -- Alan Dundes
"Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired." -- Robert Frost
"Marriage is the chief cause of divorce." -- Groucho Marx
"May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house." -- George Carlin
"Money is not the most important thing in the world. Love is. Fortunately, I love money." -- Jackie Mason
"Money won't buy happiness, but it will pay the salaries of a large research staff to study the problem." -- Bill Vaughan
"Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit." -- George Carlin
"Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so." -- Bertrand Russell
"My doctor told me that jogging could add years to my life. I think he was right. I feel ten years older already." -- Milton Berle
"My favorite machine at the gym is the vending machine." -- Caroline Rhea
"My grandfather once told me that there were two kinds of people: those who do the work and those who take the credit. He told me to try to be in the first group; there was much less competition." -- Indira Gandhi
"My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the hell she is." -- Ellen DeGeneres
"My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right." -- Ashleigh Brilliant
"My pessimism extends to the point of even suspecting the sincerity of other pessimists." -- Jean Rostand
"My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too." -- Rodney Dangerfield
"My theory is that all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare." -- Mike Myers
"Never doubt the courage of the French. They were the ones who discovered that snails are edible." -- Doug Larson
"Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died." -- Erma Bombeck
"Never have more children than you have car windows." -- Erma Bombeck
"Never put off till tomorrow what you can do the day after tomorrow." -- Mark Twain
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal." -- Albert Camus
"Older people shouldn't eat health food, they need all the preservatives they can get." -- Robert Orben
"Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work." -- Thomas A. Edison
"Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it." -- Laurence J. Peter
"Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all others because you were born in it." -- George Bernard Shaw
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing -- that's why we recommend it daily." -- Zig Ziglar
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." -- Isaac Asimov
"Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours." -- Ronald Reagan
"Remember, today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday." -- Dale Carnegie
"Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They're about to announce the lottery numbers." -- Matt Groening
"Starbucks says they are going to start putting religious quotes on cups. The very first one will say, 'Jesus! This cup is expensive!'" -- Conan O'Brien
"That's the funny thing about life. We're rarely aware of the bullets we dodge. The just-misses. The almost-never-happeneds. We spend so much time worrying about how the future is going to play out and not nearly enough time admiring the precious perfection of the present." -- Lauren Miller
"The average dog is a nicer person than the average person." -- Andy Rooney
"The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward." -- John Maynard Keynes
"The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time." -- Abraham Lincoln
"The cure for boredom is curiosity. There is no cure for curiosity." -- Dorothy Parker
"The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits." -- Albert Einstein
"The digital camera is a great invention because it allows us to reminisce. Instantly." -- Demetri Martin
"The early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese." -- Steven Wright
"The first time I sang in the church choir; two hundred people changed their religion." -- Fred Allen
"The greatest thief this world has ever produced is procrastination, and he is still at large." -- Josh Billings
"The man who smiles when things go wrong has thought of someone to blame it on." -- Robert Bloch
"The only mystery in life is why the kamikaze pilots wore helmets." -- Al McGuire
"The only reason some people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory." -- Paul Fix
"The only thing that stops God from sending another flood is that the first one was useless." -- Nicolas Chamfort
"The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not." -- Mark Twain
"The road to success is always under construction." -- Lily Tomlin
"The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking spaces." -- Will Rogers
"The safe way to double your money is to fold it over once and put it in your pocket." -- Kin Hubbard
"The secret of the demagogue is to make himself as stupid as his audience so they believe they are clever as he." -- Karl Kraus
"The surest sign that intelligent life exists elsewhere in the universe is that it has never tried to contact us." -- Bill Watterson
"The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one." -- Sid Caesar
"The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity." -- Harlan Ellison
"The world is a globe. The farther you sail, the closer to home you are." -- Terry Pratchett
"The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper." -- Bertrand Russell
"There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened." -- Douglas Adams
"There's a fine line between genius and insanity. I have erased this line." -- Oscar Levant
"They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning." -- Clint Eastwood
"To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target." -- Ashleigh Brilliant
"To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer." -- Paul R. Ehrlich
"To err is human; to admit it, superhuman." -- Doug Larson
"To those of you who received honours, awards and distinctions, I say well done. And to the C students, I say you, too, can be president of the United States." -- George W. Bush
"Trouble knocked at the door, but, hearing laughter, hurried away." -- Benjamin Franklin
"True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country." -- Kurt Vonnegut
"Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you will not do anything with it." -- M. Scott Peck
"We are all here on earth to help others. What on earth the others are here for I don't know." -- W. H. Auden
"We learn from experience that men never learn anything from experience." -- George Bernard Shaw
"We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public." -- Bryan White
"We spend the first twelve months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk and the next twelve telling them to sit down and shut up." -- Phyllis Diller
"We're all a little weird. And life is a little weird. And when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall into mutually satisfying weirdness -- and call it love -- true love." -- Robert Fulghum
"What the world needs is more geniuses with humility; there are so few of us left." -- Oscar Levant
"When I eventually met Mr. Right I had no idea that his first name was Always." -- Rita Rudner
"When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'" -- Sydney J. Harris
"When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President. I'm beginning to believe it." -- Clarence Darrow
"When we remember we are all mad, the mysteries disappear and life stands explained." -- Mark Twain
"When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty." -- Norm Crosby
"Whoever said money can't buy happiness didn't know where to shop." -- Gertrude Stein
"Why do they call it rush hour when nothing moves?" -- Robin Williams
"Why is there so much month left at the end of the money?" -- John Barrymore
"Worrying is like paying a debt you don't owe." -- Mark Twain
"You cannot be anything if you want to be everything." -- Solomon Schechter
"You can't have everything. Where would you put it?" -- Steven Wright
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." -- Winston Churchill
"You know you're getting old when you stoop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there." -- George Burns
"You're only as good as your last haircut." -- Fran Lebowitz
"You've got to be very careful if you don't know where you are going, because you might not get there." -- Yogi Berra
